Do you promise him?
The money is there, I shouldn’t go,
Neither will go.
Moreover, you promise him,
You promise him, you promise him, you promise him,
You promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him,
You promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you
Promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him,
You promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise
He, you promise him,
You promise him, you promise him, you promise him,
You promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise him, you promise
Respond to him, you promise him, you
He called me a friend
I'll expose you to Mr. Zhou's family
September is coming soon
are you letting yourself
And that Sister Wang
He died today
It will be the last time we decide in his life
Hahahahahaha
I have help now
If it’s not enough to help you, give it to Zhou Jia Gongyun
For the sake of the king, godfather
Give the King a good director
Come and help you